55332: Add Host Collectors and Analyzer Info to Vendor Docs (#632)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/support-host-collectors.md

> # Configuring Host Collectors and Analyzers

Reviewer: How do you feel about calling this "Configuring Host Support Bundles" since you introduced that term elsewhere in the docs?

If so, the line below could also be updated to say, "to help customers generate host support bundles"

Author: Yessss!

This topic describes how to configure host collectors and analyzers to help customers generate support bundles from hosts to troubleshoot Kubernetes installer provisioned clusters (embedded clusters).

## About Host Collectors and Analyzers

> Host collectors and analyzers are designed to collect information from hosts that is not available from in-cluster collectors. Host collectors are available only for Kubernetes installer clusters. These host collectors gather information directly from the host they are run on and do not have Kubernetes as a dependency.

Author: Paige and I decided that we would say "Kubernetes installer provisioned clusters" at the first mention in a topic, and then say "Kubernetes installer clusters" for the remainder. Though as a Product Team, if we get a majority to just call it "Kubernetes installer cluster" all the time, I'd be ok with that. It was one of those decisions that we had to make quickly with Amber when we were rolling out the new docs site, and none of us was thrilled with it. :)

You can gather information about the environment, such as CPU, memory, available block devices, and the operating system. Host collectors can also be used for testing network connectivity and gathering the output of provided commands.

This information is useful when you need to debug a Kubernetes installer cluster that is offline, troubleshoot a Kubernetes installer that failed before the control plane was initialized, or if you need to collect and analyze information that is not available with in-cluster collectors.

> You create the host collectors file separately from your application package and share the file with customers to run on their hosts. This file is separate  from your application package because host collectors are intended to run directly on the host and not with KOTS. If KOTS runs host collectors, the collectors are unlikely to produce the desired results because they run in the context of the kotsadm Pod. For more information about how customers generate a host collectors support bundle, see [Generate a Host Collectors and Analyzers Bundle](troubleshooting-an-app#run-host-collectors-and-analyzers).

Reviewer: You can keep "package" and not use "release". I just put it as an alternative since we talk about releases usually.

I'm trying to consolidate the language around "host support bundle" here.
```suggestion
You create the host support bundle specification separately from your application release and share the file with customers to run on their hosts. This file is separate from your application release because host collectors are intended to run directly on the host and not with KOTS. If KOTS runs host collectors, the collectors are unlikely to produce the desired results because they run in the context of the kotsadm Pod. For more information about how customers generate a host support bundle, see [Generate a Host Bundle](troubleshooting-an-app#generate-a-host-support-bundle.
```

> ## Configure Host Collectors and Analyzers

Reviewer: This could potentially stay as is, even if we change the overall page title to "Configuring Host Support Bundles".

Configure a SupportBundle custom resource to specify host collectors and analyzers to gather information from a host.

To define host collectors and analyzers:

1. Create a SupportBundle custom resource manifest file (`kind: SupportBundle`).

1. Configure all of your host collectors and analyzers in one manifest file. You can use the following resources to help create your specification:

>     - Access sample specifications in the the Replicated troubleshoot-specs repository, which provides aggregate specifications for supporting your customers. See [troubleshoot-specs](https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot-specs) in GitHub.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should link to [this](https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot-specs/tree/main/host), since this is the host support bundle subdirectory. Otherwise they have to find this themselves after they click on that link.

Also the language "provides aggregate specifications" is confusing to me. I'm not sure what "aggregate specifications" means here.

Author: Not sure what aggregate means here, I copied that from Troubleshoot.sh or the community site. So I removed it now.

Also changed the link to the one you gave me. Thanks.

    - View a list and details of the available host collectors and analyzers. See [All Host Collectors and Analyzers](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/host-collect-analyze/all/) in the Troubleshoot documentation.

    **Example:**

    The following example shows host collectors and analyzers for the number of CPUs and the amount of memory.

    ```
    apiVersion: troubleshoot.sh/v1beta2
    kind: SupportBundle
    metadata:
      name: host-collectors
    spec:
      hostCollectors:
        - cpu: {}
        - memory: {}
      hostAnalyzers:
        - cpu:
            checkName: "Number of CPUs"
            outcomes:
              - fail:
                  when: "count < 2"
                  message: At least 2 CPU cores are required, and 4 CPU cores are recommended
              - pass:
                  message: This server has at least 4 CPU cores
        - memory:
            checkName: "Amount of Memory"
            outcomes:
              - fail:

>                   when: "< 4G"

Reviewer: Could probably add a `message` here like the CPU cores failure has.

              - pass:
                  message: The system has at least 8G of memory
    ```

> 1. Share the SupportBundle custom resource file with your customers to run on their host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Share the SupportBundle custom resource file with your customers to run on their host(s).
```
